<h1>ShinyThor</h1>

<h2>Abstract</h2>
  <p align="justify">Cancer cells cultured in controlled in vitro environments offer scientists functional and comparable experimental models. These models facilitate a holistic understanding of molecular and cellular biology mechanisms associated with tumor formation and progression. Therefore, it is critical to account with an intuitive atlas of cell line omics for cancer to guide further bench hypotheses. We developed ShinyThor, a web app intended to offer multi-omic (transcriptomic, metabolomic, proteomic, and miRNomic) and drug-related data intuitively and dynamically to help researchers find relevant analytes. This app uses data from the Cancer Cell Line Encyclopedia (CCLE) for multi-omic data from cancer cell lines, miRTarBase for miRNA-gene validated associations, circInteractome for circular RNA (circRNA) regions potentially targeting genes, and Genomics of Drug Sensitivity in Cancer for drug sensitivity data.
The ShinyThor app includes five modules. The first module allows researchers to find the top (and bottom) ten cell lines expressing a determined marker for each omic content or 50% inhibition concentration (IC50) for different drugs. Then, we added a module for running a single-cell Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (ssGSEA). In addition, the multiple analyte expression allows users to simultaneously evaluate expression levels of different targets. Next, the fourth module evaluates miRNA-target interactions (MTI) and miRNA expression profiles in different cancer types. Lastly, we implemented a modulation tool to collect information on circRNAs and miRNAs and their potential action as gene silencers. To explain the use of this app, we described a hypothesis-driven by a previous study. Herein, we describe potential cell lines and markers that will be further validated from a panel of seven genes related to gastric cancer prognosis. 
The ShinyThor web app is freely available to non-commercial users at https://alexismurillo.shinyapps.io/ShinyThor. It can support research requests about analyte levels in cancer cell lines deposited at CCLE.</p>
